# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 10/03/2025, 14:00
**Meeting Purpose:** Sprint Retrospective and Planning
**Meeting Location:** Helix Meeting Room 4
**Note Taker:** Alex
## Attendees
People who attended:
- Lara
- Catherine
- James
- Alex
- Josh

## Agenda Items
| **Item**                   | **Who** | **Notes** |
| -------------------------- | ------- | --------- |
| Retrospective, what went well?    |  James  |  See Retrospective Sprint 2 file  |
| Review Last sprint tickets | All     |           |
| Backlog review  | All  |           |
| Realocate tasks | All  |           |

## Discussion Items
| **Item**   | **Who** | **Notes** |
| -- | -- | -- |
| Retrospective, what went well?     |         |   Discussed what went well, what didn't go well, and what to do next sprint. Highlights: Good progress on many services, make sure tickets and branches are being used correctly; focusing on a working protype demo |
| Review Last sprint tickets |         | Any unclosed tickets discussed, either marked complete if finished or passed to next sprint backlog |
| Realocate tasks |          | Josh to work on Client App integration, Catherine to work on Client App Journeys in second week; Lara to continue working on the Admin Service. Shay to work on testing, Alex to work on finishing payment service, James to work on Unit testing

# Sprint 2 Retro

## What went well
* Journey service complete ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* All journey endpoints completed ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* Booking service done bar payment integration ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* Admin Service returning results!!! Getting weekly revenue, available/cancelled journeys, users who need discount ğŸ‘
* Client app in a place where someone else can pick it up ğŸ‘
* DB table, endpoints, requests and responses finalised for payment ğŸ‘

## What could we improve
* Integrations not in the state we aimed for ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* Lots of tickets not updated, no branches linked ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* Too much losing sight of tickets, not focusing on right things ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* azure is annoying 

## Actions for next sprint
* Full client - api integration ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* Unit tests and wiki / specification across services for consistancy ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* **Josh to add test running back into workflows** ğŸ‘ğŸ‘ğŸ‘
* Tests for the journey service need more work ğŸ‘
* Update tickets and link branches ğŸ‘
* More tests for admin service on different types of data  

## Other Notes & Information
==**Next meeting Wednesday 19:00**==
Stand up and discuss progress