## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 03/02/2025, 14:00
**Meeting Purpose:** Initial meeting 
**Meeting Location:** Edward Boyle Library
**Note Taker:** Shay
## Attendees
People who attended:
- Lara
- Catherine
- James
- Alex
- Josh
- Shay

## Agenda Items
| **Item**                                     | **Who** | **Notes** |
| -------------------------------------------- | ------- | --------- |
| Decide on Project                            |         |           |
| Set up slack                                 |         |           |
| Look at Belbin roles                         |         |           |
| Allocate Scrum roles                         |         |           |
| Which requirements do we need to deliver MVP |         |           |
| Use case diagram                             |         |           |
| Josh Stack Presentation                      |         |           |
## Discussion Items
| **Item**                                     | **Who** | **Notes**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| -------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Decide on Project                            |         | Car sharing would likely have higher reliance on third party API calling. Questioned whether work would be easier to divide for car sharing. Car sharing has a more complicated UI. There is a smaller MVP for car sharing. Both require real-time communication. We should make solution diagrams. DVLA API is an option. Dense requirements for auction app. Group has more knowledge on requirements for car sharing. We should soon deisng the database, and then specify API in/outputs. We need to prioritise writing a GitHub wiki. James needs to share guide. We should manage communication through slack.<br><br>We decided on the car-sharing app. |
| Set up slack                                 |         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Look at Belbin roles                         |         | Required for interim feedback coursework<br><br>Roles (Primary, secondary):<br>Catherine - Plant, Team Worker<br>Josh - Shaper, Chair<br>James - Shaper, Company Worker<br>Shay - Shaper, Company Worker<br>Lara - Shaper, Chair<br>Alex - Company Worker, Monitor/Evaluator                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Allocate Scrum roles                         |         | Product owner - Course staff<br>Test planner - TBA (Introduced in week 2)<br>Devs - everyone<br>Scrum master - Shay (to be rotated with each sprint?)<br><br>Scrum master needs to conduct sprint retrospective: What went well, what didn't go well, what needs to change with next sprint                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Which requirements do we need to deliver MVP |         | - User accounts/login<br>- View available journeys<br>- Book journeys<br>- User proposing journey<br>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Use case diagram                             |         | Debate over whether passengers should be able to post ads - not a req?<br>Can passenger rate driver?<br>Can payment issues be raised after booking? (using support system? issues are raised by user, manager solves issues; through the chat system?)<br>How is fee decided (flat rate? Distance? Number of passengers? Discount covered by manager or driver?)<br>Multiple passengers, how this affects fee<br>Modular approach<br><br>Created use case diagram diagram                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Josh Stack Presentation                      |         | Alex - payment services<br>Lara - Message services<br>Catherine - Journey<br>Shay - Booking system<br>Josh - Analytics + API gateway<br>James - User and auth service<br><br>Journey service --> advertisement service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
## Action Items
| Done? | Item                                | Responsible | Due Date        |
| ----- | ----------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------- |
| No    | Analytics + API gateway flow charts | Josh        | Before Thursday |
| No    | User and auth services flowcharts   | James       | Before Thursday |
| No    | Message service flowchart           | Lara        | Before Thursday |
| No    | Journey flowchart                   | Catherine   | Before Thursday |
| No    | Booking flowchart                   | Shay        | Before Thursday |
| No    | payment services flowchart          | Alex        | Before Thursday |
| Yes   | General solution use case diagram   | Catherine   | n/a             |
| Yes   | API gateway diagram                 | Josh        | n/a             |
| Yes   | Set up slack                        | Josh        | n/a             |

## Other Notes & Information
Next meeting Thursday
